com/android/architecture/ui/base/Hilt_BaseFragment.java
 com.android.architecture.ui.base.Hilt_BaseFragment
com/android/architecture/ui/base/BaseFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.android.architecture.ui.base.BaseFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/android/architecture/ui/Hilt_MainActivity.java
 com.android.architecture.ui.Hilt_MainActivity
 com.android.architecture.ui.Hilt_MainActivity$1
dagger/hilt/internal/aggregatedroot/codegen/_com_android_architecture_MyApplication.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.aggregatedroot.codegen._com_android_architecture_MyApplication
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
com/android/architecture/generated/callback/OnClickListener.java
 com.android.architecture.generated.callback.OnClickListener
 com.android.architecture.generated.callback.OnClickListener$Listener
com/android/architecture/ui/userinfo/UserItemFragment_MembersInjector.java
 com.android.architecture.ui.userinfo.UserItemFragment_MembersInjector
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_android_architecture_ui_users_UserViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_android_architecture_ui_users_UserViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_android_architecture_di_module_RepoModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_android_architecture_di_module_RepoModule
dagger/hilt/internal/processedrootsentinel/codegen/_com_android_architecture_MyApplication.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.processedrootsentinel.codegen._com_android_architecture_MyApplication
com/android/architecture/ui/MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.android.architecture.ui.MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/android/architecture/databinding/FragmentUserInfoBinding.java
 com.android.architecture.databinding.FragmentUserInfoBinding
com/android/architecture/BR.java
 com.android.architecture.BR
com/android/architecture/ui/userinfo/Hilt_UserItemFragment.java
 com.android.architecture.ui.userinfo.Hilt_UserItemFragment
com/android/architecture/di/module/NetworkModule_ProvidesRetrofitApiFactory.java
 com.android.architecture.di.module.NetworkModule_ProvidesRetrofitApiFactory
com/android/architecture/databinding/FragmentUserBinding.java
 com.android.architecture.databinding.FragmentUserBinding
com/android/architecture/ui/userinfo/UserItemViewModel_Factory.java
 com.android.architecture.ui.userinfo.UserItemViewModel_Factory
com/android/architecture/di/module/ImageModule_ProvideGlideFactory.java
 com.android.architecture.di.module.ImageModule_ProvideGlideFactory
com/android/architecture/databinding/UserItemBinding.java
 com.android.architecture.databinding.UserItemBinding
com/android/architecture/ui/userinfo/UserItemViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.android.architecture.ui.userinfo.UserItemViewModel_HiltModules
 com.android.architecture.ui.userinfo.UserItemViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.android.architecture.ui.userinfo.UserItemViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_android_architecture_di_module_NetworkModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_android_architecture_di_module_NetworkModule
com/android/architecture/di/module/NetworkModule_ProvideOkHttpClientFactory.java
 com.android.architecture.di.module.NetworkModule_ProvideOkHttpClientFactory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_android_architecture_ui_userinfo_UserItemFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_android_architecture_ui_userinfo_UserItemFragment_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_android_architecture_ui_users_UserFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_android_architecture_ui_users_UserFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/android/architecture/DataBindingInfo.java
 com.android.architecture.DataBindingInfo
com/android/architecture/MyApplication_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.android.architecture.MyApplication_GeneratedInjector
com/android/architecture/ui/userinfo/UserItemViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.android.architecture.ui.userinfo.UserItemViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.android.architecture.ui.userinfo.UserItemViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/android/architecture/databinding/FragmentUserInfoBindingImpl.java
 com.android.architecture.databinding.FragmentUserInfoBindingImpl
com/android/architecture/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.android.architecture.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/android/architecture/databinding/ActivityMainBindingImpl.java
 com.android.architecture.databinding.ActivityMainBindingImpl
com/android/architecture/ui/userinfo/UserItemFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.android.architecture.ui.userinfo.UserItemFragment_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_android_architecture_di_module_BaseUrlModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_android_architecture_di_module_BaseUrlModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_android_architecture_ui_userinfo_UserItemViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_android_architecture_ui_userinfo_UserItemViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/android/architecture/Hilt_MyApplication.java
 com.android.architecture.Hilt_MyApplication
 com.android.architecture.Hilt_MyApplication$1
com/android/architecture/ui/users/UserViewModel_Factory.java
 com.android.architecture.ui.users.UserViewModel_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_android_architecture_HiltTestActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_android_architecture_HiltTestActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/android/architecture/data/BR.java
 com.android.architecture.data.BR
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_android_architecture_ui_userinfo_UserItemViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_android_architecture_ui_userinfo_UserItemViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/android/architecture/ui/users/UserAdapter_Factory.java
 com.android.architecture.ui.users.UserAdapter_Factory
com/android/architecture/databinding/DialogPaymentBinding.java
 com.android.architecture.databinding.DialogPaymentBinding
com/android/architecture/BuildConfig.java
 com.android.architecture.BuildConfig
com/android/architecture/ui/users/UserFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.android.architecture.ui.users.UserFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/android/architecture/databinding/UserItemBindingImpl.java
 com.android.architecture.databinding.UserItemBindingImpl
com/android/architecture/ui/users/UserViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.android.architecture.ui.users.UserViewModel_HiltModules
 com.android.architecture.ui.users.UserViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.android.architecture.ui.users.UserViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/android/architecture/databinding/ActivityBaseBinding.java
 com.android.architecture.databinding.ActivityBaseBinding
com/android/architecture/ui/users/Hilt_UserFragment.java
 com.android.architecture.ui.users.Hilt_UserFragment
com/android/architecture/HiltTestActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.android.architecture.HiltTestActivity_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_android_architecture_ui_users_UserViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_android_architecture_ui_users_UserViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_android_architecture_di_module_ImageModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_android_architecture_di_module_ImageModule
com/android/architecture/ui/users/UserFragment_MembersInjector.java
 com.android.architecture.ui.users.UserFragment_MembersInjector
com/android/architecture/DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC.java
 com.android.architecture.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC
 com.android.architecture.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$1
 com.android.architecture.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCBuilder
 com.android.architecture.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl
 com.android.architecture.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCBuilder
 com.android.architecture.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl
 com.android.architecture.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCBuilder
 com.android.architecture.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCI
 com.android.architecture.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCI$ViewWithFragmentCBuilder
 com.android.architecture.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCI$ViewWithFragmentCI
 com.android.architecture.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$ViewCBuilder
 com.android.architecture.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$ViewCI
 com.android.architecture.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ViewModelCBuilder
 com.android.architecture.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ViewModelCImpl
 com.android.architecture.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ViewModelCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 com.android.architecture.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$Builder
 com.android.architecture.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCBuilder
 com.android.architecture.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCImpl
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_android_architecture_ui_base_BaseFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_android_architecture_ui_base_BaseFragment_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_android_architecture_ui_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_android_architecture_ui_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_android_architecture_MyApplication_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_android_architecture_MyApplication_GeneratedInjector
com/android/architecture/di/module/BaseUrlModule_ProvideUrlFactory.java
 com.android.architecture.di.module.BaseUrlModule_ProvideUrlFactory
com/android/architecture/ui/users/UserViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.android.architecture.ui.users.UserViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.android.architecture.ui.users.UserViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/android/architecture/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.android.architecture.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.android.architecture.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.android.architecture.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/android/architecture/di/module/RepoModule_ProvideRepoFactory.java
 com.android.architecture.di.module.RepoModule_ProvideRepoFactory
com/android/architecture/MyApplication_HiltComponents.java
 com.android.architecture.MyApplication_HiltComponents
 com.android.architecture.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityC
 com.android.architecture.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityC$Builder
 com.android.architecture.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityCBuilderModule
 com.android.architecture.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC
 com.android.architecture.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC$Builder
 com.android.architecture.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedCBuilderModule
 com.android.architecture.MyApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentC
 com.android.architecture.MyApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentC$Builder
 com.android.architecture.MyApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentCBuilderModule
 com.android.architecture.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceC
 com.android.architecture.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceC$Builder
 com.android.architecture.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceCBuilderModule
 com.android.architecture.MyApplication_HiltComponents$SingletonC
 com.android.architecture.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ViewC
 com.android.architecture.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ViewC$Builder
 com.android.architecture.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ViewCBuilderModule
 com.android.architecture.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelC
 com.android.architecture.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelC$Builder
 com.android.architecture.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelCBuilderModule
 com.android.architecture.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC
 com.android.architecture.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC$Builder
 com.android.architecture.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentCBuilderModule
com/android/architecture/Hilt_HiltTestActivity.java
 com.android.architecture.Hilt_HiltTestActivity
 com.android.architecture.Hilt_HiltTestActivity$1
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
